README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Aneeb

**Up-and-Coming AI Developer | ML | Software Development**

Welcome! I'm passionate about designing, developing, and deploying robust applications using the latest and greatest tech!
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Data Engineering, AI, Full-Stack Dev
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on open-source, real-world projects

---

## 🎯 About Me

- ⚡ **Tech Stack**: [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/) [![C/C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2FC%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)](https://isocpp.org/) [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- 🔧 **Frameworks/Libraries**: [![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)](https://pandas.pydata.org/) [![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)](https://matplotlib.org/) [![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-0f637a?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white)](https://seaborn.pydata.org/) [![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)](https://www.tensorflow.org/) [![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)](https://pytorch.org/) [![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)](https://scikit-learn.org/)
- 🤖 **AI Focus**: Data Science, Machine Learning and AI-driven apps.
- 🌐 **Web & App Dev**: Full-stack app/website development | Django | FastAPI | React | Node.js | Typescript | Next.js | Tailwind
- 🎨 **Non-Technical Side**: Native Advertising | Campaign Management | Marketing
---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aneeb02">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=aneeb02&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&theme=react&line_height=40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/aneeb02">
    <img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aneeb02&theme=react&line_height=40&hide=css,cmake&langs_count=8&layout=compact" />
  </a>
</div>


---

## 📫 How to reach me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue)](https://linkedin.com/in/aneeb-ur-rehman-222a211ba/)

- [Email](mailto:aneeb.02@gmail.com)


<!--
**aneeb02/aneeb02** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated skills
Updated personal introduction and tech stack details in README.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Aneeb

**Computer Science Undergraduate | Backend & Data-Oriented Software Engineer**

I build **backend-first applications** with a strong focus on APIs, databases, and data pipelines. I enjoy working on systems where correctness, performance, and clarity matter. From backend services to data-driven features, my interest lies in developing such applications.

I’m currently strengthening my foundation in **backend engineering** while also learning **data engineering**. I’m looking to collaborate on open-source, real-world projects.

---

## What I Work On

- Backend development with **Django** and **FastAPI**
- Designing **REST APIs** and real-time services
- Relational and NoSQL databases (**PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis**)
- Data handling, transformation, and pipeline-style workflows
- ML-powered features integrated via APIs (used as tools, not research)
- Mobile & web apps using **React Native** and **Next.js**

My background in **native advertising and campaign optimization** gives me a product mindset and comfort working with data at scale.


## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aneeb02">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=aneeb02&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&theme=react&line_height=40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/aneeb02">
    <img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aneeb02&theme=react&line_height=40&hide=css,cmake&langs_count=8&layout=compact" />
  </a>
</div>


---

## 📫 How to reach me

- **LinkedIn**: https://linkedin.com/in/aneeb-ur-rehman-222a211ba/
- **Email**: aneeb.02@gmail.com


<!--
**aneeb02/aneeb02** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
